Updates API ref for jobs. Adds doc on Kubernetes Scheduler persistent (#4256)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/hosting/self-hosted/self-hosted-persisting-scheduler.md

---
type: docs
title: "How-to: Persist Scheduler Jobs"
linkTitle: "How-to: Persist Scheduler Jobs"
weight: 50000
description: "Configure Scheduler to persist its database to make it resilient to restarts"
---

> The [Scheduler]({{< ref scheduler.md >}}) service is responsible for writing Jobs to its embedded database and scheduling them for execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Scheduler]({{< ref scheduler.md >}}) service is responsible for writing jobs to its embedded database and scheduling them for execution.
```

> By default, the Scheduler service database writes this data to the local volume `dapr_scheduler`, meaning that this **data is persisted across restarts**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Scheduler service database writes this data to the local volume `dapr_scheduler`, meaning that **this data is persisted across restarts**.
```

The Scheduler persistent volume can be modified with a custom volume that is pre-existing, or will be created by Dapr.

> > If Dapr is already installed, the control plane will need to be completely [uninstalled]({{< ref dapr-uninstall.md >}}) in order for the Scheduler container to be recreated with the new persistent volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
If Dapr is already installed, the control plane needs to be completely [uninstalled]({{< ref dapr-uninstall.md >}}) in order for the Scheduler container to be recreated with the new persistent volume.
{{% /alert %}}
```

```bash

>     dapr init --scheduler-volume my-scheduler-volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dapr init --scheduler-volume my-scheduler-volume
```

---
type: docs
title: "How-to: Persist Scheduler Jobs"
linkTitle: "How-to: Persist Scheduler Jobs"
weight: 50000
description: "Configure Scheduler to persist its database to make it resilient to restarts"
---

The [Scheduler]({{< ref scheduler.md >}}) service is responsible for writing jobs to its embedded database and scheduling them for execution.
By default, the Scheduler service database writes this data to the local volume `dapr_scheduler`, meaning that **this data is persisted across restarts**.

> The host file location for this local volume will typically be located at either `/var/lib/docker/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data` or `~/.local/share/containers/storage/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data`, depending on your container runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The host file location for this local volume is typically located at either `/var/lib/docker/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data` or `~/.local/share/containers/storage/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data`, depending on your container runtime.
```

> The Scheduler persistent volume can be modified with a custom volume that is pre-existing, or will be created by Dapr.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Scheduler persistent volume can be modified with a custom volume that is pre-existing, or is created by Dapr.
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> If Dapr is already installed, the control plane needs to be completely [uninstalled]({{< ref dapr-uninstall.md >}}) in order for the Scheduler container to be recreated with the new persistent volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default `dapr init` creates a local persistent volume on your drive. If Dapr is already installed, the control plane needs to be completely [uninstalled]({{< ref dapr-uninstall.md >}}) in order for the Scheduler container to be recreated with the new persistent volume.
```

{{% /alert %}}

```bash

> dapr init --scheduler-volume my-scheduler-volume

Reviewer 2: What is not clear is whether `--scheduler-volume my-scheduler-volume` is the default if all I do is `dapr init`. Currently it looks like it is not.

---
type: docs
title: "How-to: Persist Scheduler Jobs"
linkTitle: "How-to: Persist Scheduler Jobs"
weight: 50000
description: "Configure Scheduler to persist its database to make it resilient to restarts"
---

The [Scheduler]({{< ref scheduler.md >}}) service is responsible for writing jobs to its embedded database and scheduling them for execution.
By default, the Scheduler service database writes this data to the local volume `dapr_scheduler`, meaning that **this data is persisted across restarts**.

The host file location for this local volume is typically located at either `/var/lib/docker/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data` or `~/.local/share/containers/storage/volumes/dapr_scheduler/_data`, depending on your container runtime.

> Note that if using Docker Desktop, this volume will be located in the Docker Desktop VM's filesystem, which can be accessed using:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that if you are using Docker Desktop, this volume is located in the Docker Desktop VM's filesystem, which can be accessed using:
```
